Welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery… the stuff dreams are made of.

Who We Are…

When we say, “the stuff dreams are made of,” we’re not just referring to the world of wizards, dragons and superheroes, or even to the wonders of Planet Earth. Behind WBD’s vast portfolio of iconic content and beloved brands, are the storytellers bringing our characters to life, the creators bringing them to your living rooms and the dreamers creating what’s next…

From brilliant creatives, to technology trailblazers, across the globe, WBD offers career defining opportunities, thoughtfully curated benefits, and the tools to explore and grow into your best selves. Here you are supported, here you are celebrated, here you can thrive.

At HBO Max, storytelling takes center stage. We’re one of the world’s most iconic entertainment brands — home to bold originals and unforgettable characters. While audiences binge award-winning content, breaking news, and sports around the clock, our teams stay busy at work creating what’s next in streaming. From Succession, Euphoria, and The Sopranos to global franchises like Game of Thrones and Harry Potter, our content sparks conversation and shapes culture.

HBO Max delivers boundary-pushing stories across genres and platforms, connecting millions of viewers across 90 countries globally— and we’re just getting started. We're home to the most talked about shows and movies, granting audiences access to the worlds of HBO, Harry Potter, DC, Warner Bros., ID, Adult Swim, A24, and more. Turn your streaming obsession into a career— we’re hiring!

General Summary:

The Paid Social Specialist will lead the implementation and development of the paid social channel, maximizing customer growth at cost-effective levels. Reporting to the Paid Social Manager, the successful candidate will also integrate cross-functionally, regularly liaising with other teams within Subscriber Acquisition and the wider business org.

Daily Activities

Hands-on technical bid based buying and optimization across a number of platforms, including Meta, Snap, TikTok, Twitter, Pinterest, Reddit.
Own the strategy and performance of paid social activity with full operational responsibility.
Application of advanced in-platform bidding for optimization
Ability to integrate ad tech solutions to automate social buying
Lead Paid Social planning and media-buying across multiple territories, ensuring both functions are optimized to achieve high levels of growth with an ROI-focus
Work closely with the planning teams to recommend effective growth strategies and budget
Lead Social innovation within the team and the effective use of relevant tools, identifying new BETAs and data sources to drive our Paid Social offering forward
Clearly communicate performance and uncover growth levers
Effectively document our strategies and approach to drive common understanding and efficiency
Keep abreast of market trends and developments
Effectively collaborate with other teams and internal stakeholders
The Essentials

3+ years’ experience with a track record of delivering success in a similar role
Demonstrated experience in media strategy and execution within buying platforms (e.g., Facebook Business Manager), showing the ability to manage multiple campaigns at once
Experience with app campaigns and Mobile Marketing Attribution (such as Kochava, Apps Flyer) preferred
Proven experience with Direct Response campaigns with experience with attribution, conversion tracking, and optimizing towards strict KPI goals.
Highly numerate, logical thinker, comfortable using excel to both run campaign analysis and provide recommendations, with experience using analytics to drive decision-making
Demonstrable experience driving growth through testing and analytics
Strong appreciation of the marketing funnel (lower, medium and upper funnel) and the relationship with specific tactics with clear POVs on tracking, attribution, ad fraud, cookie windows, etc.
Excited by working in a fast-paced environment with excellent troubleshooting and QA skills - strong attention to detail essential
Proven project management, self-organization and prioritization skills - Ability to multi-task with effective resolution management in a fast-paced, growing environment
Reasonable availability to respond to requests and attend the real-time needs of campaigns outside normal business hours.
Clear communicator who can translate strategy into action. Additional languages a plus.
Must have the legal right to work in the country you are applying for.
How We Get Things Done…

This last bit is probably the most important! Here at WBD, our guiding principles are the core values by which we operate and are central to how we get things done. You can find them at www.wbd.com/guiding-principles/ along with some insights from the team on what they mean and how they show up in their day to day. We hope they resonate with you and look forward to discussing them during your interview.

Championing Inclusion at WBD

Warner Bros. Discovery embraces the opportunity to build a workforce that reflects a wide array of perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. Being an equal opportunity employer means that we take seriously our responsibility to consider qualified candidates on the basis of merit, regardless of sex, gender identity, ethnicity, union status, age, sexual orientation, religion or belief, marital status, pregnancy, parenthood, disability or any other category protected by law.
If you’re a qualified candidate with a disability and you require adjustments or accommodations during the job application and/or recruitment process, please visit our accessibility page for instructions to submit your request.